A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A coward is one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
A day without sunshine is like night.
A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
A fool and his money stabilize the economy.
A gentleman is one who is never rude unintentionally.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A hydrogen bomb doesn't care how brave you are.
A hypothesis is an opinion that you are trying to prove true.
A king's castle is his home.
A liberal is one too open-minded to take his own side in an argument.
A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.
A man does not attain the status of Galileo merely because he is persecuted; he must also be right.
A man must destroy himself before others can destroy him.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A megaflop is a failure of gigantic proportions.
A movie studio is the best toy a boy ever had.
A penny saved is a political breakthrough.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A philosopher does not need a torch to gather glow-worms by at mid-day.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rose by any other name would still have thorns.
A sharp tongue is the only edge tool that grows keener with constant use.
A song in time is worth a dime.
A theory is better than an explanation.
A tree is best measured when it is down.
A twisting road will take you to Warsaw, but you won't be bored.
A victory is the greatest tragedy in the world - except a defeat.
A wise man never tries to warm himself in front of a painting of a fire.
A witty saying means nothing.
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Absence is better than a cure.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are worthless.
Admiration is our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
All dare to write, who can or cannot read.
All my men wear badges, or they wear nothing at all.
All of the bridges between our today and our yesteryear have been burnt.
All syllogisms have three parts; therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that does not glitter is not not-gold.
All the ethics in Hollywood can be rolled up and fit into a gnat's navel.
All the good ones are taken.
All the great men are dead and I'm not feeling too well myself.
All things that are, are lights.
All you need to know is in the manual.
Always keep a record of data. It indicates you've been working.
Always make water when you can.
An airplane is in your future.
An artist is never ahead of his time, but most people are far behind theirs.
An asylum for the sane would be empty in America.
An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
And so to bed.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Any change or reform you make is going to have consequences you don't like.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anyone who understands music will never be unhappy again.
Anyone's life is incomplete unless they are, in some smaller or larger way, saving the world.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Aries -- this is your lucky day!
Art is merely cheese made visible.
As above, so below.
Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.
Be the sea, and see me be.
Beauty is only sin deep.
Do not believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not confuse boredom with security.
Do not confuse effort with work.
Do not meddle in the mouth.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
Do what comes naturally now. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
Does a firm persuasion that a thing is so make it so?
Does the early bird enjoy the worm as much as the late bird enjoys the sleep?
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
Don't commute, communicate.
Don't conscience-stricken before they're hatched.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't get mad, make book.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't let your thoughts get in a rut. The knife which spreads may also cut.
Don't lie if you don't have to.
Don't look back: something may be gaining on you.
Don't play games with me. You weren't on any mercy mission this time.
Don't put a loaded rifle on the stage unless someone intends to fire it.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.
Each man's death diminishes me for I am involved in Humanity.
Either we are alone or we are not. Either way is mind-boggling.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even paranoia can sometimes be taken to extremes.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the simplest solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even these days, it's not as easy to go crazy as you think.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every day, thousands of housewives pick up speed.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Every good subversive does it for fun.
Every law creates a whole new criminal class overnight.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every purchase has its price.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every time you make something foolproof, along comes a better class of fool.
Everything breaks down.
Everything east of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge into the ocean.
Everything is funny so long as it is happening to someone else.
Everything should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Everything you know is wrong.
Everything's been said before, but nobody's listening, so keep repeating.
Fear is failure and the forerunner of failure.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Fill what's empty; empty what's full; scratch where it itches.
Find the enemy and shoot him down; everything else is rubbish.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
God does not play dice.
Good Americans, when they die, go to Paris.
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for flaming at floyd!trb.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Good day to avoid cops. Crawl to work.
Good day to do the unexpected: write some documentation.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good day to write a purchase requisition for a 747.
Good health is just the slowest, most lingering way of dying.
Good intentions don't mean anything unless they can deliver.
Good manners and bad breath get you nowhere
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Hang in there, hammock-nose.
He cried at all his own weddings, and with reason.
He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He is winding the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
He serves the state best who opposes it most.
He that laugheth in the face of death haveth the last laugh.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is scrap metal.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who keeps his nose to the grindstone, has a flat face.
He who laughs last is a little slow on the uptake.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who listens last is the last one listening.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who wears belt and suspenders needs tighter belt.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hop before you skip.
How is it far, if you can think of it?
I see only darkness in the crystal ball.
If Congress must do a painful thing, it must be done in an odd-numbered year.
If I could remember the names of all these particles I would have been a botanist.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I had to choose between System V and 4.2, I'd resign.
If I owned Texas and Hell, I'd rent out Texas and live in Hell.
If I say it's safe to surf this beach, Captain, it's safe to surf this beach.
If I should return in my absence, kindly detain me until I get back.
If I wanted your opinion, I'd tell it to you.
If Lincoln were alive today he would be spinning in his grave.
If a thousand people say a foolish thing, it remains a foolish thing.
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If bankers can count, why do they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If butterflies had teeth like tigers they would never make it out of the hangar.
If ever I utter an oath again may my soul be blasted to eternal damnation.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it doesn't matter, it does not matter.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it were dangerous they would post a sign...
If it's boring, turn it off.
If it's gratitude you want, get a dog.
If it's not broken, don't fix it.
If it's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
If it's worth doing well, it's worth doing.
If more is better then too much is just enough.
If the check is truly in the mail, it is surely made out to someone else.
If the coin is heads up don't pick it up.
If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If the facts do not support the theory, they must be disposed of.
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it elect a new people?
If the shoe fits, buy the other one, too.
If there are any resources you need to get this job done, just let us know.
If they gave me a goldfish, I would cook it.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If voting could change the system, it would be against the law.
If we turn on the lights fast enough, we'll see what the dark looks like.
If you ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you can't find enough radiation at Ralph's, you can probably do without it.
If you can't stand the heat, remove your clothing!
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't insist on correct answers, I can make it run as fast as you want.
If you don't know where you're going, it doesn't matter how you get there.
If you don't like the weather in New England, just wait a few minutes.
If you don't pay attention to every little detail, you miss most of the jokes.
If you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
If you grab the bull by the horns, feathers will fly.
If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
If you start now you might finish on time.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you take the last cup, make a new pot.
If you take the last pot, make a new cup.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
If you think it's hard going to the moon, you should try staying home.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there. K Thompson
If you want to have clean ideas, change them like shirts.
If you were able to count up to infinity I'll bet you would never get over it.
If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.
If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
If you're not apprehensive then you don't understand the situation.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
In addition to a yes and a no, the universe contains a maybe.
In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards.
In any society, the correct pronunciation is the dialect that has an army.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!".
In challenging a kzin, a simple scream of rage is sufficient.
In comparison with the ancients, we stand like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants.
In nature there is immediate adjustment but no compulsion.
In order to make an omelette, you have to break a few cooks.
In the land of the blind the one-eyed man can see across the road and prove it.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the land of the one-eyed men, the blind have to wear glasses.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Insanity is always the best defense against boredom.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Intermittent resolutions lack potency.
Into each life a little fallout must rain.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
It is a very sad thing nowadays that there is so little useless information.
It is absurd to deny the role of fantasy in even the strictest science.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness.
It is better to rule in Hell than to serve in Heaven.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is far better to vote for a loser than to elect one.
It is fruitless to become lachrymal over precipitately departed lacteal fluid.
It is hard to sit with the turkeys when you soar with the eagles.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the wise bird who builds her nest in a tree.
It is useless to put on your brakes when you're upside down.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It steam-engines when it becomes steam-engine time.
It works better if you plug it in.
It would be wise to cut expectations in half.
It's a hardware problem.
It's a sad woman who buys her own perfume.
It's a small world, but I'd hate to have to paint it.
It's a software problem.
It's a useless but absolutely vital precaution.
It's an empty head that wears a hairpiece.
It's business doing pleasure with you.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's deja vu all over again.
It's difficult to explain Kleenex to an aborigine.
It's earlier than you think.
It's funny how they work so well, even when they're not appropriate.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to be mellow when you bite your nails.
It's hard to be mellow when you can't stand up.
It's just a silly native superstition.
It's later than you think.
It's lonely at the top, but it's lonelier at the bottom.
It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either. -Boston Mayor Kevin White
It's not a car, it's a Volkswagen.
It's not cool enough for the eighties.
It's not easy to play the clown when you've got to run the whole circus.
It's not my fault -- it's a mechanical problem!
It's not my fault!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not reality that's important, it's how you perceive things.
It's not the years, it's the mileage.
It's only a game!
It's simple, clean, it works, and you can get it right now.
It's some kind of instinct...This was an important place in their lives.
It's the law: Use a pun, go to prism (for minor refractions of the law only!)
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
It's worse than being at the theatre.
Jam tomorrow and jam yesterday -- but never jam today.
Jesus Rodrigues has a 9-inch duck.
Jesus saves, Moses invests, the Mongol Hoards, but only Buddha pays dividends.
Join me and I will complete your training.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Just be glad you don't get all the government you pay for.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
Justice for the poor is much less popular than revenge on the rich.
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Ken Thompson can't beat Belle. So what? How fast can Seymour Cray add?
Kids are always the only future the human race has.
Lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Language is a virus from outer space.
Language is all that separates us from the lower animals and the bureaucrats.
Laugh and the world laughs with you; snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Leadership means taxes.
Lest men suspect your tale untrue,/Keep probability in view.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let no one unskilled in geometry enter here.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let sleeping wraiths lie.
Life is a mystery, love is a dancer.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is hard but unjust.
Life is just a bowl.
Life is not for everyone.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Little girls have pretty curls, but I like Oreos.
Little things come in small packages.
Live forever, or die trying.
Live long and perspire.
Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheaper.
Longevity is an optimist's heaven and a pessimist's hell.
Look after the molehills and the mountains will look after themselves.
Lose a few, lose a few.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love is a many gendered thing.
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love is only love, but money is forever.
Love the sea? I dote upon it - from the beach.
Love, and do what thou wilt.
Luke, don't give in to hate. That leads to the dark side.
Make a list of all the facts you know about the universe
Make use of whatever advanced technology is available
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Many are called, few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many pages make a thick book.
Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.
Marriage is an attempt to change a night owl into a homing pigeon.
Masterpieces make their own rules.
May I have a large container of coffee?
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
May you live all the days of your life.
May your rolling stone always grow grass that is greener underneath.
Maybe I should have screwed up.
Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses.
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Message will arrive in the mail. Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Micronics makes it simple.
Military justice is to justice as military music is to music.
Military music is to music as military intelligence is to intelligence
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
Money cannot buy happiness, but happiness will not buy groceries.
Money is a terrible thing to follow but a charming thing to meet.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money may buy friendship but money can not buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Multilevel standards are like onions. They're smelly and make you cry a lot.
My way of joking is to tell the truth; it's the funniest joke in the world.
Naked is the best disguise.
National security is the chief cause of national insecurity.
Need a personal problem? Get a personal computer.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be, for loan oft loses both itself and friend.
Never argue with a fool -- people might not know the difference.
Never buy a case of wine with eleven bottles.
Never call a man a fool. Borrow from him.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Never eat in a restaurant that rotates or is above the 10th floor.
Never eat rutabaga on any day of the week that has a "y" in it.
Never give a inch!
Never hatchet your Counts before they chicken.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never speak ill of yourself; your friends will always say enough on that subject.
Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
Never worry the boss unnecessarily. Don't tell him.
New career ideas are worth pursuing.
Niagara Falls is the second-biggest disappointment in a bride's life.
Niagara Falls is the wise bird who builds her nest in a chinese computer terminal!
Niagara Falls would be much more impressive if it flowed the other way.
Nihilism means nothing to the dancing peasants.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No branch is better than its trunk.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
No mistake is too small to be fixed, but first make sure it's a mistake.
No news is good news.
No note is too high to be taken down an octave.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No two ways about it, there are two sides to every story.
No user jobs will be lost because of the crash.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody goes to the theatre unless suffering from acute bronchitis.
Nobody is truly sane until he feels gratitude to the whole universe.
Nobody knows anything, or if they do, they are careful to hide the fact.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not all the water in a rough rude sea/Can wash the balm from an anointed king.
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on Sundays.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing difficult is ever easy.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is capable of being well set to music that is not nonsense.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Nothing is true. Everything is permissible.
Nothing matters indeed, it's all in your mind...
Nothing more certain than incertainties; Fortune is full of fresh variety:
Constant in nothing but inconstancy.
Nothing of interest ever happened on this day.
Nothing works. No one knows why. And some jerk is talking French.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
O brave new world, that has such people in't!
O dear Ophelia! I am ill at these numbers: I have not art to reckon my groans.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of all things man is the measure.
Oh, don't the days seem lank and long, when all goes right and nothing goes wrong.
Oh, so there you are!
Old age -- it's the only disease that you don't look forward to being cured of.
One horse-laugh is worth ten thousand syllogisms.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One scythe fits all.
One starts life with a swelled head and ends with swelled feet.
Only God can make a random selection.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only two things are infinite: the universe and human ignorance.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Our ancestors may have been ignorant, but they were not stupid.
Our vision will speed up time, eventually deleting it.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
People really shouldn't spread gossip, but what else is it good for?
People tend to congregate in the back of the church and the front of the bus.
People usually do what other people have done before them.
People who deal with bits should expect to get bitten.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy us who do.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Perfect love casteth out fear.
Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Personality is a flimsy thing on which to build an art.
Philosophy is the Rule of Life.
Philosopy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Physician, bill thyself.
Planning dooms most projects.
Please to remember the Fifth of November, Gunpowder Treason and Plot.
Prevention makes the heart grow fonder.
Primate behaviour only changes under the impact of new technology.
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Programming and puddings demand consistency.
Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proofreading is more effective after publication.
Proper planning includes admitting that your plan may not work.
Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
Put not your trust in money, but your money in trust.
Put your mouth where your mouth is.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but it's the only one we've got.
Quantum mechanics do it with uncertainty.
Questions are a burden for others; answers are a prison for oneself.
Rain before sunset, dark by midnight.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Reach out and grep someone.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reality is for those who can't handle drugs.
Reality is good for you...in small doses.
Reality is silly-putty.
Reality seems harsher in the early morning.
Reason establishes the foundation of faith. Faith compensates the error of reason.
Reason is a universal instrument which can serve on any kind of occasion.
Reform always comes from below. No man with four aces asks for a new deal.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Remember that "almost" means "not".
Remember the Unknown Buffalo.
Remember when you asked me to tell you when you were being inconsiderate?
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
Repetition is a form of change.
Research is a great career: you get paid for looking, regardless of results.
Respect you in the morning?! Hell, I don't even respect you now.
Restrain your octopus! The canoes are going fishing tomorrow.
Ring around the collar.
Ring the bell; close the book; quench the candle.
Ritual is to the inner sciences what experiment is to the outer sciences.
Rotten wood can not be carved.
Round numbers are always false.
Sailors in ships, sail on! Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Say "no" to long-sleeved shirts!! Support your right to bare arms!
Say your prayers, you're going to Zen heaven.
Schroedinger might have been here.
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Secret mail has arrived.
Seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Self denial is better than self degradation.
Sell everything. Market top has been reached.
Send not to ask for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
If you hurry from here, you will wait longer there.
Share your happiness with others today.
Show respect for age. Drink good Scotch for a change.
Silver is pure. It's been a symbol of justice and purity since the year of the sun.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera.
Smoked carp is terrible unless you're out of smoked salmon.
Smooth rotation butters no parsnips.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So narrow minded is the boss that he has to stack his ideas vertically.
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.
Soft soap often has a high percentage of lye in it.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed.
Some day this war's gonna end.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sometimes it seems to me that men are children grown incompetent.
Sometimes you've gotta give it all you've got, because it just isn't enough.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Sooner or later everybody's gotta pay their tab.
Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
Space travel is utter bilge. -Sir Richard Van Der Riet Wolley
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Speaking of poison, I'll see that you get some fresh breakfast immediately.
Specialization is for insects.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
The aim of existence is to have clean ideas, change them like shirts.
The aim of existence is to offer resistance to the flow of time.
The answer you seek is in an envelope.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The average legislator is somewhere nearly all the time.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The boundary condition of the universe is that it has no boundary.
The check is in the mail.
The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
The connotation depends on the beacon.
The coroner gave you a clean bill of health.
The darkest hour is just before the storm.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The difficult we gave up on yesterday, the impossible we are giving up on now.
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
The early worm gets the bird.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The empty fist always makes the deepest wound.
The end is closer than you think.
The eyes believe themselves, the ears believe other people.
The fear of the lord was discovered before vitamins.
The first piece of luggage out of the chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.
The first step in fixing something is getting it to break.
The fit between the world and the human symbols describing it is never perfect.
The following file systems are due for backup at this time:
The fruits of impatience are bitter.
The function of the sun is not to help the cabbages along.
The further you get, the better it looks.
The future isn't what it used to be.
The gods do not protect fools. Fools are protected by more capable fools.
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
The hardest part of raising children is teaching them to ride bicycles.
The hippo has no sting, but the wise man would rather be sat upon by the bee.
The human brain is not a pretty sight.
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein - it rejects it.
The invention of the multiple-choice exam was the death blow to competent writing.
The judge's jokes are always funny.
The ketchup of sorrow is better than the mustard of happiness.
The last twenty-nine days of the month are the worst.
The lion will lie down with the lamb, but the lamb won't get much sleep.
The love of money is the mucilage of many a tragic friendship
The man of knowledge can see several things at once.
The map is not the territory.
The measure of the rigor of a science is the index of its ability to predict.
The more complicated the mind, the more simple the play.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.
The nervous system sees no color, feels no pain.
The null string has always been a locksmith.
The official state animal of New York is the cabbie.
The official state tree of North Dakota is the telephone pole?
The only imperfect thing in nature is the human race.
The only one who got everything done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
The only sure things in life are net.suicide and net.taxes.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
The only way out of a circle is through the center.
The opera isn't over until the fat lady sings.
The opposite of a trivial truth is false; the opposite of a great truth is also true.
The pale companion is not for our pomp.
The plural of spouse is spice.
The prudent man does not hold his breath.
The sheep - symbolic creature of docility, sacrifice and stupidity.
The shorter the line, the slower it moves.
The skeletons in the cupboard will all come out in the wash.
The solution to the problem of life is seen in the vanishing of the problem.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
The strength of a nation lies in the integrity of its homes.
The stylus is more potent than the claymore.
The thing about Chinatown is, you can never be sure of anything down there.
The three laws of physics: f=ma; things fall down; you can't push a rope.
The tide of change approaches.
The time is right to make new friends.
The unexamined life is not worth examining.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The vanity of teaching often tempteth a man to forget that he is a blockhead.
The wheels of justice grind slow but fine.
The wise shepherdess never trusts her flock to a smiling wolf.
The world cannot be understood from a single point of view.
The world is a conspiracy of the unthinking against the unwitting.
The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
Them that dishes it out need not fall over every time someone blows hard.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are no color bars in Cuba.
There are only three kinds of proof: induction, exhaustion, and intimidation.
There is a world in which this sentence ends with a different word.
There is no bottom to worse.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no gift like the present.
There is no governor anywhere; you are absolutely free.
There is no language in our lungs.
There is no present like time.
There is no sin except stupidity.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
This fortune is self-explanatory, once you understand it.
This fortune left blank intentionally.
This fortune was not meant for you.
This statement is a lie.
This system hasn't crashed in ages.
This terminal is not for your use, please log off!
This time for sure!
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
This will hurt me more than it hurts you.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who in quarrels interpose must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who talk don't know. Those who don't talk, know.
Three shoes do not a hat make.
Thunder is impressive, but it is lightning that does the work.
Time ends here, please go back the way you came.
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana.
Time is nature's way of making more anarchy.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is three eyes and eight elbows.
Timesharing just doesn't work.
To be is to be related.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To live without clocks is to live forever.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To make an omelette, you have to paint it.
To play billiards well is a sign of an ill-spent youth.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Truth is only skin deep.
Truth is the ultimate weapon; fortunately no one has perfected it yet.
We don't know half of what we know.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
When an owl comes to a mouse picnic, it's not there for the sack races.
When does later become never?
When everyone's out to get you, paranoia is just good thinking.
When faced with the obvious -- look elsewhere.
When faced with two evils, one asks why only two?
When four sit to conspire, three are government agents, and the other a fool.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles; scream and shout.
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
When the Lord gets ready, you got to move.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets tough, the tough hold meetings.
When the map and the terrain disagree, trust the terrain.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When time permits, your personal life will be exciting.
When traveling with a herd of elephants, don't be first to lie down and rest.
When you are over the hill, you pick up speed.
When you need a sledgehammer, the finest scalpel just won't do.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You are original and creative.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can lead a horticulture but you cannot make her think.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can tell a man by the company that keeps him.
You can't beat the bugs.
You can't build a bomb at 300 baud.
You can't capitalize your cake and expense it too.
You can't comb a hairy ball smooth.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't forward backward.
You can't have everything -- where would you put it?
You can't miss it.
You can't teach a dead dog new tricks.
You can't win, you can't break even, and you can't get out of the game.
You can't win. But there are alternatives to fighting.
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
You cannot cross a chasm in two steps.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cook it, you sell it.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't have to play tennis any more, or talk to anyone who does.
You don't really want to know what the future holds for you.
You had mail.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have been transfixed by the gaze of the Edlund.--More--
You have bills.
You have mail.
You have personal talents that are attractive to others. Be sure to use them.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You know, you never know.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You might have mail.
You need not worry about your future - it's going to be rotten.
You never know what you don't know, you know?
You remind me of a TV show, but that's all right: I watch it anyway.
You scream and you leap.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You should go home.
You tend to be shy when undressing outdoors.
You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
You weren't here so we did it anyway.
You will attend a party where strange customs prevail.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will get a better gorilla effect if you use as big a piece of paper as possible.
You will make a small sum by investing in a business project.
You will make a small sum disappear by investing in a business project.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You win some, you lose some, and some go into extra innings.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
You'll just have to sleep faster tonight.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You're so bossy you ought to be milked before you come home at night.
You're so ugly you couldn't even get a better mouse.
You're so ugly you couldn't even get a date with an automated bank teller.
You've always got the option of having just committed suicide!
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Your best dreams may not come true; but then neither will your worst dreams.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive
Your intuition is excellent but another viewpoint could be helpful.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your opponent wouldn't fight if he didn't think he had a chance.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your theory is crazy, but not crazy enough to be true.
Plan your life at new year's; your day at dawn.
Open your umbrella before you get wet.
You can't sip soup with a knife.
Spare me your sorrow's tears.
A woman's mind: like spring weather.
Bean-paste that smells like bean-paste is no good.
Maidens and fish don't keep.
He is as good as he is wicked.
Evil comes full circle home to us.
The neighbor's blossoms: pinker.
No one sits still when the next house burns.
The first star is nameless.
Kindness: not for others but for ourselves.
Once uttered words run faster than horses.
The go-player doesn't get to his mother's death-bed on time.
He is building a bridge over the ocean.
He is one inch good, one foot evil.
A single post can't hold up a sagging house.
The child never changes: sometimes for a hundred years.
If you make yourself a dog, make yourself a rich man's dog.
Lucky: like having a rice dumpling fly into your mouth.
You can't quarrel without another quarreler.
In wealth, many friends: in poverty, not even relatives.
Don't go down in another's fall.
The half-drunk man exposes his whole nature.
First we drink the wine. Then the wine drinks the wine. Then the wine drinks us.
The stone Buddha will sometimes speak.
Heaven cannot use two suns or a house two masters.
Sickness comes in at the mouth: and evil goes out there.
Even the prettiest shoe makes a sorry hat.
Big trees provoke the pride of winds.
One madman makes a hundred sane men flee.
You can't straighten a snake passing it through a bamboo tube.
When his mouth stops shouting his hand starts striking.
How can you beat a dog that licks your hand?
He is dressed in rags but his heart is real brocade.
To give ground is sometimes the best victory.
The defeated ones become the rebels.
Don't take a gilded sword to cut a radish.
Cool as the toad who snapped a mosquito.
You can see another's arse but not your own.
Others are others, I am I.
No medicine cures stupidity.
Even a cup of tea helps hunger for a bit.
Don't try to wash out blood with blood.
No lord can rule without sometimes playing deaf and blind.
Don't judge the tree 'til you see the fruit.
You overhear so much, corns will grow on your ears.
You can know ten things by learning one.
No word can cut kindness.
He doesn't even know the potatoes have been boiled.
It takes ordinary men to set off great ones.
Don't ask a blind man to show the way.
We are like blind men peeping through a fence.
The foot-clog and the Buddha: both made of wood.
The clearest mirror cannot show the back.
Don't get shipwrecked as you enter port.
Don't watch a bonfire in a straw coat.
The naked man never mislays his wallet.
Wisdom is one treasure no robber can touch.
Better cover the fish than chase the cat.
Even the welcome guest is a nuisance after three days.
Let wisdom and virtue be the two wheels of your cart.
He judges by what he hears, not by what he sees.
Don't set a cat to guard the milk.
Two wet love-birds under one umbrella.
Painters and lawyers can soon change white to black.
Don't seek afar to find a wife.
Great difference betwixt men and women: but they get mighty close.
A crying child and a lord's agent get their way.
Love blinds us to our sweetheart's faults.
He and she are so close not even water would seep between them.
Your karma and your shadow are always there.
Better the wife of a divorced man than the wife of a widower.
The fool's wisdom comes after he is hurt.
Willow branches never snap under the weight of snow.
Great villainy is often called loyalty.
Meowing cats catch no rats.
Drums speak according as you strike.
Don't fear a great enemy or despise a small.
Spilled water never returns to the cup.
A quick promiser, a quick forgetter.
You can't see the whole sky through a bamboo tube.
A bridegroom from the castle, a bride from the cottage make a good match.
Don't laugh so hard -- you'll dislocate your jaw.
Even the rooftop crow is touched by love.
Who does not think far ahead will have troubles near at hand.
Near neighbors: better than distant cousins.
Only a monkey tries to catch the full moon in the pond.
The couple's quarrel and the west wind die down at dark.
No branch is better than its trunk.
Water far off puts out no fire at home.
Sparrows know not the dreams of swans.
He is spoiled: he peels his dumplings.
To live long, keep a cool head, warm feet.
Precautions must be taken first.
Don't be so greedy you break your nails.
Avarice big enough is called ambition.
The fortune-teller never knows his own.
There are old men of three; children of a hundred.
A bad wife is poor harvest after sixty years of husbandry.
Don't lug dirt to a hilltop.
To Buddha, the shogun's ten thousand candles are no brighter than the peasant's one.
We do well what we like well.
The poor pilgrim laughs at highwaymen.
When the oil is gone the lamp goes out.
Even a thief takes ten years to learn his trade.
A thousand days in the afterworld: better one day in this.
It is a jeweled cup without a bottom.
Late drinking and late rising: short cuts to poverty.
Old men for wisdom; young men for war.
Happier the eve than the holiday itself.
Don't paint on water or carve on ice.
Rich man's appetite: never satisfied.
A slip of the tongue cuts deeper than the sword.
Go away and you are soon forgotten.
Ill-won money never sticks.
Unpolished gems don't glitter.
Don't kill the gnat and let the hornet go.
Children are the poor man's wealth.
The loud voice often wins the quarrel.
Don't call in the doctor after the funeral.
It is simpler to die than to live.
Useless as a borrowed cat.
An elegant woman: eyes and nose on an egg.
The nail that raises its head is hammered down.
Grandmother's pets make poor providers.
Beauty is silent yet it speaks to us.
Being born: the beginning of the end.
Hidden and silent worms riddle the wood.
The world is dark even half an inch ahead.
It rained so hard the axle washed away.
Love kept covered bursts out somehow.
Many pleading voices can melt metal.
The beautiful woman can destroy surely as the axe.
Pinch yourself to know how it feels to others.
You can change your clothes, not your character.
An earthen Buddha had better not play with water.
Who can tell the he-crow from his mate?
The pheasant would not be caught if it didn't cry out.
He who mixes dye takes on its color.
Don't pay for the fur while the weasel's still holed up.
No one can keep one eye in back of his head.
Youth can grow old and not grow wise.
Don't go to the fishpond without a net.
Beautiful women come to learn most grief.
He is poor who does not own content.
If you love your son make him leave home.
Victims of the same disease have much to talk about.
Drink poison: you might as well chew up the glass too.
The mended lid belongs on the cracked pot.
He is wise who knows what is enough.
With money even a fool's orders are obeyed.
Even Buddha: he gives blessings as we give him coins.
No man in the saddle and no horse under it either.
Set aside next day's lunch while you're at supper.
In time even youth grows old.
Blue comes from Indigo, but is bluer than Indigo.
Thousands of soldiers, yes: but try to find one general.
Homemade bean-paste is hot.
Big fish better not swim in shallow bays.
Rich men don't die in the gutter.
A one-inch worm: perhaps a half-inch soul.
He knows many things but not much of any.
His hand was bitten by his own dog.
Snow on my own umbrella can be borne.
Who comes earliest leads the way.
Look up: no shame before heaven. Look down: no shame before earth.
His best helper is himself.
Don't plug your ears when you go to steal a bell.
Heaven has no mouth: it must speak through men.
The weakling shouldn't flaunt his jewels.
Smaller the man, bigger the anger.
Poverty is worse than the four hundred diseases.
The thousand-mile journey starts with one step.
The crow that apes the cormorant gets drowned.
Steal money you're a thief: steal a country you're a king.
To kill a general first shoot his horse.
With two of the same trade, war is made.
Even the ant's hope may reach heaven.
Some pots have lids that fit; some do not.
The stubborn man insists on walking right under the whip.
Yesterday's blossoms: only a memory today.
The lord is the sea: the subject a fish therein.
Harder to feed the people than hold back the flood.
The purchase often proves cheaper than the gift.
To hear about it sounds like silver coins; to see it: coppers.
Keep fences even between friends.
A diligent ant undermines the moat.
You can catch a tarpon with a shrimp.
What is left unsaid is rich as flowers.
Our minds are as various as our faces.
Tough: as though he were given birth by the crotch of a tree.
Over-loving turns to over-hating.
Strange dogs don't enter if the gate is really shut.
It's not the drugs that kill; it's the doctors.
You can work in dirt and lead a clean life.
The empty life is filled with tears.
You can't polish a tile into precious stone.
What we think we have but have not: money.
Your tongue's sword can cut short your life.
Careful how you handle scissors and fools.
Don't fasten the handle to the pail-bottom.
If you are in a hurry go round-about.
A penny in hand worth a pound in hope.
He who knows talks not. He who talks knows not.
To understand a parent's love: have a child.
Some pray to the gods only when in trouble.
The whore's sincerity: a four-cornered egg.
Who lives by the river often dies by the river.
Though the lord may unbend, the subject should not.
The tallest trees: oft leveled by the storm.
Adversity is the source of strength.
Don't carry carts to the sea or boats to the hills.
Lazy people have no spare time.
If you carry treasure don't travel at night.
Better be ignorant than mistaught.
Coffin-makers love the plague.
Don't put a cleaver in the clutch of a maniac.
Women and small men are hard to handle.
Not the lover but his language wins the lady.
Better shave your mind than your skull.
If you are asleep you can't eat dumplings.
Wise men do not blame others; but themselves.
The addition is correct, but where is the money?
Summer insects seek the flame.
He's a great eater: but that's his only skill.
Of the thirty-six ways to fight the best is to flee.
Eating sweets gives you no strength.
You can't judge widows or horses without handling them.
A pretty girl and a bag of coins take watching.
If you believe everything you read better not read.
He is too tough to be either boiled or broiled.
The biggest fish always breaks the line.
If you eat only three-quarters full you won't need a doctor.
Better plant the paddy than write poems.
In a quarrel both sides should be punished.
Impotent as a dry sardine gnashing its teeth.
The dead tiger leaves his pelt: man his reputation.
She looks so gentle she wouldn't kill a gnat.
In the mountains we forget to count the days.
Wine tells the truth.
Don't use the ox-cleaver to kill a hen.
If you fall in the street look out for dung.
Don't make a pin into a pickaxe.
Wherever we go we can find green hills.
He's a pumpkin plus eyes and nose.
Don't attack a tiger with a company of sheep.
You start digging the well when you are thirsty.
Have three daughters: one way to stay poor.
Old men are children twice.
The defeated general should not talk of war.
Don't carry water in a wicker basket.
The kind man loves mountains. The clever man loves rivers.
Wine is the king of medicines.
Two hearts: and only one body.
We are no more than candles burning in the wind.
The priest is someone inside the robe.
Better a live beggar than a dead millionaire.
Run after two hares and catch none.
You don't have to teach the sea-serpent to swim.
When the belly is full the eyelids close.
You can't dig clams in a garden.
When you grow old obey your children.
Better the beak of the hen than the tail of the horse.
Human life: impermanent as the morning dew.
A big rock has to be chipped away.
In choosing a wife look first at her mother.
Bread is better than blossoms.
When you say chisel you also mean mallet.
One dog barks at nothing: all the dogs bark with him.
Borrow from him, he has an angel's face: repay him, a devil's.
This fellow is singing on his way to the gallows.
The old forget, the young don't know.
The go-between wears out a thousand sandals.
Wine is lunatic water.
An expert calligrapher knows his best brush.
You can't snatch the cub unless you go into the tiger's den.
It's a bad household where the hen announces dawn.
Old people tell old tales.
Neither burn incense nor break wind.
Good medicine has often a bitter smack.
Repentance never comes first.
He is a stork among us chickens.
When the dragon fights the tiger both get hurt.
Who sits in the shade won't take an axe to the tree.
Money even buys men out of hell.
Dyers always wear plain white clothes.
Money is fruit of the perseverance tree.
Don't carry a lantern in moonlight.
Sweet words: diseases. Hard words: medicines.
May you live to be a hundred: may I live to be ninety-nine.
Frogs in a well shouldn't speak of the sea.
Don't lend your axe to get your own trees felled.
First among blossoms the cherry: among men the warrior.
Lepers envy syphilitics.
Victorious a king defeated a traitor.
Fallen flowers can't climb back.
Better the arrow pierce your breast than your back.
Lean on a post not on people.
As natural as water on the frog's face.
To teach is also to learn.
There is no poverty among beggars.
You don't have to die: heaven and hell are in this world too.
A good wife is the family treasure.
Thieves in every city; rats in every house.
You can't wrap up the wind or tie down the shadow.
Ice never gets on well with burning charcoal.
Don't wrestle with a curtain.
Look at the devil praying at the shrine.
If a fancy lasts three years: call it love.
Honey in his mouth; hate in his heart.
The richer the country the softer its army.
Every extra thing you own is extra trouble.
We can stand severest pain three years when someone else is suffering.
A good horse needs only the shadow of the whip.
No one ever stumbled lying snug in bed.
A barking dog is no hunter.
A peasant girl can some day ride a golden palanquin.
You cannot live in the same world with your father's murderer.
Saying `no,' the maiden shakes her head up and down.
An old wife and an old pot are the best around the house.
The flame brightens when about to fail.
A fool at forty; a fool forever.
Too long for a belt; too short for a sash.
No man lasts more than a lifetime: his fame may last forever.
Pick your wife in the kitchen.
You might as well go fishing in the trees.
The bee thinks to sting the ox's horn.
Quick as a centipede with straw sandals on each foot.
We can see seven faults in another: not one of our own ten.
Eggplants don't grow on melon vines.
Even a starving hawk won't lower himself to eat corn.
Get out of the forest while you still have daylight.
Old friends and new clothes: better than new friends, old clothes.
If he works for you, you work for him.
A crooked branch casts a crooked shadow.
One falling leaf foretells death of a whole year.
Gold is brighter even than Buddha's heaven.
Flowers seem to bloom better for widows.
Even when he falls he doesn't get up empty-handed.
Don't scratch your shoe when your foot itches.
Don't test every stone bridge with your stick.
The life of luxury is a short one.
Don't settle the quarrel listening to one side only.
Keep your mouth shut, your eyes open.
He fell seven times and got up eight.
The opposite side has its opposite side.
Old horses don't forget the road.
Look at a woman at night, from afar, or under an umbrella.
Sooner or later you act out what you really think.
Don't try to graft the bamboo onto the pine.
No illusion; no enlightenment.
Don't waste your prayers in the horse's ear.
Even with devils we prefer the ones we're used to.
Foster parents: more generous even than your own.
You can't ladle out the sea with a shell.
Always condemn the crime, not always the criminal.
Some ride in palanquins, some bear palanquins: some weave sandals for palanquin-bearers.
Disease and death recognize no face.
See no evil; hear no evil; speak no evil.
If you can't stand the heat, get a pool.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the oven.
A bird in the hand is messy.
Don't count your chickens, eat them.
You can't teach an old dog new math.
When in Rome, do Roman numerals in math.
When in Rome, do bulls run around town?
Too many cooks, so little meals.
A fool and his money are my best friends.
A penny saved is one cent.
Look before you run into a pole.
A watched pot never disappears.
A rolling stone makes you flat.
A rolling stone is a singing rock group.
Every cloud has a wet spot.
You can't tell a book if the title is covered.
It's not impossible - just really unfair.
I hate nostalgia. I hated it then and I hate it now.
cvs [checkout aborted]: cannot rename file .new.glwdrawin to
glwdrawingareamakecurrent.gl: Invalid argument
Strong vinegar will break its own vessel.
It's impossible to hold two watermelons in one hand.
He lost both Ali-pilaf and Vali-pilaf.
When things don't go right, even halva will break your tooth.
He can't crumble dumplings for himself, yet he cuts noods for others.
He who burns his mouth on milk will blow on yogurt when eating it.
If you don't have honey, have a honey tongue.
My little pilaf and I won't have headache.
To be hungry is better than to be in debt.
Better to eat cheese and bread than pilaf that is given as a favor.
He who pities his lamb can't eat kebab.
The molla saw pilaf and forgot about the Koran
I bought doshab; it turned out to be honey.
Neither cooked at home nor brought from the neighbor's.
Give a gift, never mind if it's a rotten nut.
He is a man who gives bread.
No one calls his ayran sour.
The curd seller will come to our yard, too.
When a tree bears much fruit, it bends low.
You haven't eaten the goose's meat, so you don't know how it tastes.
You don't have a cherry orchard so how do you know what kind of bird a quail is.
How can a donkey know what saffron is?
He has his bread on his knees.
He is one who treads on bread.
You don't give milk to a child who doesn't cry.
Neither meat, nor fish.
We cut salt and bread together.
Say "hello" 40 times to the place where you have tried salt at least once.
Even if your relative eats your meat, he will never discard your bones.
Apricots in the orchard brought so many greetings. When the apricots were gone, so were the greetings.
Be hungry, but don't beg.
Count the chickens in autumn.
Whatever you put on your pilaf will appear on your spoon.
If it works, yogurt; if not, ayran.
Even if the onion is sharp, it has its own place on the table.
Today's egg is better than tomorrow's hen.
My advice to you: grind your own grain.
Don't put garlic on your head if it doesn't hurt.
You can't make stew with cheap meat.
He gets wool from eggs.
He scoops cream off water.
When you're young, carry stones. When you're old, eat pilaf.
Milk pilov is good one day at our place, the next day at yours.
He doesn't pay for the meat, but grabs the biggest "kuftas".
I neither kneaded nor baked, but I found a ready cake.
Four eyes does see better than two.
What come in to me for an ear yet out for another.
The walls have hearsay.
In the country of the blind, the one eyed men are kings.
Cat scalded fear the cold water.